Words added to wordlist.txt to tackle the spellcheck errors thrown (#73)
kubeslice/docs: versioned_docs/version-0.2.0/getting-started-with-cloud-clusters/installing-kubeslice/isolating-namespaces.mdx

peacock-bookinfo      <none>                  15s
```

> In the above output, `peacock` is the slice name and `bookinfo` is the on-boarded 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above output, `peacock` is the slice name and `bookinfo` is the onboarded 
```
